### Initial meeting with Sasa 20170507
### Discussing requirements, potential approaches and intro to crypto
------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### General / requirements

- John may need some help with ML aspects
- Ethics document not required
- Keep notes as go! Will forget over time.
- report is 25-50 pages so split work 1 month report write up, 3 months implementation

#### Managing
- Regular group meetings
- Project plan - time allocation somewhere between 3-5 days 9-5 hours
  - ACTION - have a rough plan for next week

#### Submission
- meeting minutes on the CD/DVD/mem stick!
- Executive summary on report = 1 page
- Have experience of report writing for business, should be able to handle this
- Evaluation 
  - Look for cryptanalysis report examples
  - look at the analyses, benchmarks, approaches etc used

#### Machine Learning
- Meeting with Jianguo this week Thurs 10am
- Jianguo + Manuel key points of contact for ML

#### Crypto
- biggest point is the key
- current plan:
  - keep one constant fixed length key
  - teach plaintext and ciphertext pair
  - then see what machone does with unobserved ciphertext
  - more than one key massively increases permutations
 ##### AES
- 2^128 possible keys/blocks - small vs. all possibly permutations
- block size smaller than perm size, *might* be possible to break
 ##### initilisation vecotrs:
- randomised vectors string as additional input (block and/or stream)
- tries to remove the same text + same key = same output problem
- for stream:
  - the random vector added to the start of the plain text
  - so it affects every other bit in the plaintext
- makes life MUCH harder!
- so we'll stick with ECB mode!
##### Easier ciphers
- Caeser cipher 
  - simple shift cipher (e.g. add 5 to ASCII's int value)
  - easy to implment and is continuous (simply add 5 to ints...)
- Vigenère cipher
  - another simpl cipher to try
- DES
  - can be bruteforced in a day - could we do it in less?
  - good test for a benchmarking
- multi-time pad
  - good test to see if ML can handle XORing
  
#### Implementation
- Caeser - easy in python
- DES/AES 
  - OpenSSL
  - may try to discourage ECB mode
  ACTION - check this!
- ptxt/ctxt values can be int, ascii or binary values
- we can determine samples for train/test, sasa will elp with generation p/c
- 'easy to generate TB of P/C'

#### Other crypto
- Unicity distance - amount of bits needed to observe to work out the key
  - can ML see structure that allows for an optimised/reduced unicity distance?
- Hamming (weight/) distance - how many bits needed to flip to get correct key
  - can we approx. the key to reduce brute force time?
