### Weekly meeting - 28/06/2017
#### Attendees: Sasa, John, Mike, TIm
##### Misc
ACTION: Meet John + Tim to walk through my codebase
ACTION: Define what is "right"
ACTION: Email keith about demo dates
- Discussed duplicates in data sets, need to avoid duplicate pairs across training, validation and test!
- AES split up the inner working and run tests?
- ACan we extrapolate from that?
ACTION: Send round prime numbers paper
ACTION: Send file dirs and names and head n-10 of files as examples to John and Tim
