### Initial Machine Learning consultation
##### Present: Jianguo, Sasa, John

#### Discussion

- Caeser + Block ECB mode should likely have successes
- Able to drop security + weaken parameters slightly
- Un/Fixed Content?
    - Fixed Content simplifies + weakens the problem
    - Unfixed would require extra preproc?

- Classification simpler problem to start with - AES + DEX

- ORDER IS IMPORTANT FOR INPUTS
    - Order of blocks
    - Order of block values

#### Classification Problem 1

- KEY OF INTEREST vs. OTHER KEYS
- K1 vs K2, K3, K4 etc.
- Vary the key and the text but fixed lengths
- Many outputs per key (Cipher texts, mapping inputs to outputs)

- GAN Network? How would this work? Not random data for generator?

Input: 0100110
Output: 1 / 0

Input is stream of plain text bits?
Mapping onto cipher texts?
But, how is this classification?

Key1 Plain text -> NNet -> Key1 Cipher Text
Key2 Plain text -> NNet -> Other Key Cipher Text
Key3 Plain text -> NNet -> Other Key Cipher Text
Key4 Plain text -> NNet -> Other Key Cipher Text
Key5 Plain text -> NNet -> Other Key Cipher Text




#### Classification Problem 2

- GAN NETWORK!
- ENCRYPTED OR NOT ENCRPYTED?
- Key vs. Random Noise

TRAIN THE DISCRIMINATOR MAINLY. 
HAVE DATA ALREADY GENERATED.
WE NEED TO TRAIN IT TO DECIDE WHETHER ONE IS REAL OR NOT.

https://medium.com/@devnag/generative-adversarial-networks-gans-in-50-lines-of-code-pytorch-e81b79659e3f

Real Data -> Discriminator <- Generator <- Random Noise


#### Problem 3 - Mapping source

- Per block:

For one block:

|0| -> | NNet | -> |1|
|1| -> | NNet | -> |0|
|0| -> | NNet | -> |0|
|1| -> | NNet | -> |0|
|1| -> | NNet | -> |1|
|0| -> | NNet | -> |1|
|0| -> | NNet | -> |0|
|1| -> | NNet | -> |0|

- Could allow 'part' of output to be wrong - above certain threshold is OK to be wroing
    - estimation of kernel
    - Unicity distance

- 4D Convoultion Neural Network
- Could swap around to try decrytpion
- MUST BE SAME LENGTH INPUTS

- Very useful for 'Digital forensics community'
    - Police analysis of laptops
    - Recovering deleted files
    - changes in block structure

-  *** People have used ML to detect file types previously

#### Problem 4 - Keys + Input to replace black box?

- Imagine have a brand new cryptosystem
- Want to investigate how it works


#### Data gen

- python OpenSSL

#### Future Meetings

- Fortnightly w/ Jianguo + Manuel
- JK away end of June - mid August
- Need to have machine learning on the go by then...
- 10 am on wednesdays! EVERY Weds...

